---
date: 2022-02-11
title: Open-Source Operations Software | Clairdash | Low-Code Platform
description: With Clairdash, it’s easy to build operations software to cut costs, increase productivity, and reduce admin workloads. Get started today for free.
image: 
- /homepage-meta.png
draft: false
type: "industries/operations"
layout: single
---

#### What is operations software?
Operations software is used to plan, manage, streamline, and coordinate different kinds of business workflows. This might mean the daily tasks of individual team members, departmental processes, or the business as a whole. These days, almost every department and business vertical includes an operations management function. Digitalization aims to reduce costs, minimize risk, cut admin time, improve oversight, and deliver more effective workflows.

#### Why build a custom solution?
Many businesses use off-the-shelf tools for managing operations. These often lack specific features, carry excessive costs, or make it difficult to properly map internal workflows. Custom tools are used to fill gaps in off-the-shelf solutions or replace them entirely. Every business is unique. This means that the most effective operations tools vary from business to business.

#### How do I deploy Clairdash tools?
We empower our users to choose the hosting and deployment options which best fit their needs. Deploy Clairdash tools to your own infrastructure, or use our cloud-based hosting platform. Self-host your operations software using Kubernetes, Docker, and Digital Ocean.

#### Is Clairdash secure?
Enterprises, international organizations, and security-conscious businesses around the world choose Clairdash to keep their data safe. Use custom RBAC and self-hosting to take control over who accesses your app’s screens, features, and data. We also offer free SSO across all of your Clairdash apps, and support for authentication tools, including OAuth and OpenID.

#### What kind of tools can I build with Clairdash?
Build everything from inventory management apps, to maintenance management software, goal trackers, project quotation tools, and more. Clairdash is the fast, easy way to build CRUD applications for managing a huge range of business processes. We offer extensive external data support, autogenerated screens, custom automation, and a huge variety of professional app components, perfect for a wide range of operations solutions.

#### How fast can I build Clairdash tools?
Developers choose Clairdash for maximum efficiency and minimal lead times. Say goodbye to repetitive, time-consuming, and expensive custom builds. Use Clairdash to build deployable operations software, in minutes, not months 
To get started quickly, check out our range of free, fully customizable [app templates](https://clairdash.com/templates) today.