---
date: 2022-03-03
title: Custom Healthcare Software Development | Clairdash
description: Clairdash is the smart choice for custom healthcare software development. Our low-code platform offers fast builds and incredible functionality.
images:
- /homepage-meta.png
draft: false
type: "industries/healthcare"
layout: single
---

#### What is healthcare workflow automation?
Workflow automation means using digital tools to eliminate manual admin tasks. For healthcare providers, this includes patient management, billing, resource allocation, communications, and more. The goal is to create the most efficient processes possible. Automation allows healthcare providers to cut operating costs, and redirect resources towards patient care.

#### Why use low-code tools for digitalizing healthcare?
Low-code platforms, like Clairdash, are changing software development, forever. Our innovative platform cuts lead times to a fraction of traditional development. Say goodbye to lengthy and expensive custom builds. With Clairdash, you can build fully deployable solutions, in minutes. Organizations around the world choose our low-code platform for superior development experiences and ROI, without compromising on functionality or security.

#### Can I self-host Clairdash tools?
At Clairdash, we empower our users to deploy their tools, however they like, wherever they like. Self-host your Clairdash apps, using Kubernetes, Docker, Docker Compose, Digital Ocean, and more. We also offer our own cloud-based hosting platform.

#### Are Clairdash tools secure?
Clairdash is the smart way to keep patient records and other health data secure. We offer optional self-hosting, custom RBAC, and a range of authentication standards. Our users have complete control over the security standards they implement for their tools. We also offer a range of premium support options and SLAs for large organizations. Check out our [pricing page](https://clairdash.com/pricing) for more information.

#### What kind of tools can I build with Clairdash?
Our leading [low-code platform](https://clairdash.com/product) offers unrivaled flexibility, functionality, and customization. Our users choose Clairdash to manage all kinds of workflows. With advanced automation, data visualization, and external data support, Clairdash is the perfect solution for countless applications. Build patient management tools, centralize resources, and automate workflows, in minutes.

#### How quickly can I build an app?
With Clairdash, custom healthcare software development takes as little as five minutes. We offer autogenerated screens, intuitive design tools, and a vast library of built-in automations. Building custom tools has never been easier. Check out our range of free [app templates](https://clairdash.com/templates) for inspiration..