---
date: 2022-02-11
title: Open-Source Logistics Software | Clairdash | Low-Code Platform
description: At Clairdash, we’re changing logistics management software development, forever. Create fully deployable, custom tools, in under five minutes.
cover: "/homepage-meta.png"
draft: false
type: "industries/logistics"
layout: single
---

#### What is open-source logistics software?
Logistics management software is used to track, monitor, and manage all aspects of your operations. This includes stock movement, as well as your relationships with clients, vendors, and other partners. Our open-source platform is built for total customization. Connect your own data, create automations, and build the perfect solution for your needs, without the need for complex code. 

#### Why use low-code tools logistics software development?
The rise of low-code tools has completely changed the way businesses build software. With Clairdash, you can create fully custom tools, at a fraction of the cost of traditional development. Say goodbye to settling for off-the-shelf solutions. Our low-code platform offers intuitive design tools, built-in app themes, and auto-generated screens. 

#### Can I self-host Clairdash tools?
With Clairdash, you have complete control over how you deploy and host your logistics management software. Self-hosted Clairdash tools offer unparalleled flexibility, customization, and security. Deploy to your own infrastructure, using Kubernetes, Docker, Docker Compose, Digital Ocean, and more.

####  Are digital logistics solutions from Clairdash secure?
Enterprises and major organizations around the world choose Clairdash to protect their mission-critical data. With optional self-hosting, user management, and custom RBAC, we empower businesses with the right security standards for their unique needs. We also offer free SSO across all of your tools, as well as OpenID and OAuth support. Choose the exact right authentication standards for your logistics software.

#### What kind of tools can I build with Clairdash?
Our users choose Clairdash to build a massive array of tools. Use Clairdash to quickly build charts, analytics screens, tables, [multi-step forms](https://clairdash.com/forms), and admin tools, in seconds. Our intuitive low-code platform offers autogenerated screens, built-in automations, and simple design tools. Clairdash is the smart way to build everything from vendor management tools to inventory software, [admin panels](https://clairdash.com/admin-panels), [approval apps](https://clairdash.com/approval-apps), and more.

#### How fast can I build Clairdash tools?
With Clairdash, you can build fully deployable custom logistics software, in as little as five minutes. With our open-source, low-code platform it's easy to automate workflows, manage data, and improve outcomes, without custom code.
To get started quickly, check out our range of free, fully customizable [app templates](https://clairdash.com/templates) today.

